{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13220\viewh11340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TO LEARN:\
text wrapping (about)\
getting things to actually be centered\
taking small snipets of svg images\
making images zoomable?\
slideshow of images (front page, javascript)\
\
TO DO:\
apply for Haystaq jobs\
email Bloomberg girl about healthcare cost idea\
\
ISSF TEXT: \
These graphics were created in Illustrator for the International Sustainable Seafood Foundation's annual "Status of the Stock" report. The aim of this report is to provide a succinct summary of the health of various tuna populations around the world. I was asked to create a graphic for the beginning of the report that would give the reader an initial sense of the contents of the report. \
My first concept was extremely simple: create circles proportional to the size of each stock and color them according to species: \
Clearly the simple graphic above does not convey an enormous amount of information. So, to add another dimension I arranged the circles on a map of the world, roughly equivalent to the primary location of the tuna stocks. This display is particularly useful because the stocks are managed by geographic area rather than species. \
Though useful introductions to the report, neither of the above graphics included any information about the actual health of the stocks, beyond their size. In an effort to include more of this information I created the complex graphic below. For each stock there is a box in which color is used to indicate how the stock is doing in 3 categories: mortality, abundance, and environment. The key provides speciic explanation of the meaning of the colors, but at a glance it is easy to get a sense of which stocks are in the best shape just by looking at the overall shade of the box (click to zoom).\
\
CONTACT: (look at contact pages on those Squarespace portfolios)\
-email\
-phone\
//-address\
//-facebook\
//-twitter\
//-instagram\
-linkedin\
-visual.ly\
-those other artist professional sites?\
-github\
\
PRODUCTIVITY TEXT:\
This is a visualization of personal data that I collected about my productivity at different times of the day. For 8 weeks I kept a log of what I did for each 30 minute increment of my workday in a Google Docs Spreadsheet. I was then able to use a Google Apps Script (similar to Javascript) to analyze the text, assign a productivity score to each box, and ultimately calculate my average productivity for each day and time period. I used D3 to visualize this data and create the graphic below. The line to the right, and the line on the bottom show the marginal distributions, giving a sense of the times of the day and days of the week during which I am the most productive. In addition to being a valuable lesson in applying D3 to a nested data set, it also provides some justification for siestas!\
\
\
}